Update meeting-expiration.md (#8707)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/meeting-expiration.md

[Teams PowerShell overview](teams-powershell-overview.md)

> [Limits and specifications for Microsoft Teams](limits-specifications-teams.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Limits and specifications for Microsoft Teams](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/limits-specifications-teams)
```
